# Bachelor Thesis Project: Seminar Matching Web System

This repository contains all source code and also latex-code used for building/writing 
my bachelor's thesis with the title "Practical Applications of One-to-Many 
Matchings with One-Sided Preferences". 

The repository contains the following git submodules:
1. _bachelorarbeit_: Latex Code + pictures for compiling the thesis into a PDF
2. _matching_server_: Web server written in Kotlin with [Ktor](https://github.com/ktorio/ktor)
that serves as the backend for the Flutter front end and manages student, seminar and matching data
3. _seminar_assignment_cpp_: Implementations of the matching mechanisms described in
the thesis. A binary of this is being used by the server to compute matchings
for the interactive web system.
4. _seminars-web_: A Flutter-Web project that serves as the front end of the interactive web system.

## Live version
A live version of the interactive web system [can be accessed right here](https://aaronoe.github.io).

## Building from source
Clone this repository and run:
```bash
$ git submodule update --init
```
to clone the individual submodules and
```bash
$ git submodule update --remote
```
to update all submodules.

### Running the system using the provided Shell scripts
There are two shell scripts `run_backend.sh` and `run_frontend.sh` that compile the code
and host the backend and a local server for hosting the frontend. Requirements for using the
scripts are a CMake and Python3 installation.

### Requirements
To build from source the following tools are required:

* CMake, gcc
* Flutter ([install directions](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install))
* Flutter_Web ([install directions](https://github.com/flutter/flutter_web/blob/master/README.md#getting-started))

### Building the web server
The web server component uses Gradle as a build system. A gradle wrapper is included
in the repository, which allows for building the project without installing.
An executable jar can be build using `./gradlew shadowJar`. The jar can then be found in
`/build/libs`.

### Building the C++ algorithms
A single binary `seminar_assignments` can be generated by running `make` in the root
directory of the repository.

### Building the Front End
Follow the instructions of the [Flutter_Web project](https://github.com/flutter/flutter_web/blob/master/README.md#getting-started)
to run or build the website. In detail run the following from the root directory of the repository:
```bash
$ flutter pub upgrade
$ webdev serve 

# or to build a release version:
$ webdev build -r
```